docs: replace keys by data keys (#73)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-5-ReceivedAssets.md

---

## Simple Summary

> This standard describes a set of [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md) data key values to store addresses of received assets in a [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md) smart contract.

Reviewer: I am actually wondering what reads better:

- `This standard describes a set of data key-value pairs to store addresses...`
or
- `This standard describes a set of data keys to store addresses...`

```suggestion
This standard describes a set of [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md) data key-value pairs to store addresses of received assets in a [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md) smart contract.
```

Author: Will keep it the same for now, to keep sync with other standards
